### Learned
- `Git bisect`
    
    I have made some changes to TagSelector component around 2 weeks ago. I was fearful of the fact that, I might break something.
    Whatever I changed, was there from the begining of that particular file creation. So I was on the lookout in the feedback channel,
    bug channel. Finally the day came, but to my surprise, it was not due to my change, thankfully.

    The way I discovered it, by using `git bisect`. So, I knew the master HEAD was in a bad state.

    So I start by `git bisect start`, and then `git bisect bad`.

    Then I went back in the history, and find out a good commit. I checked the file for recent changes. But the recent commits to that
    file did not actually introduced the bug, it was from another file/component that tag selector was using for a long time. And that
    component was refactored.

    So, how did I managed to find a good commit then? 

    Issue appeared to be happening with checkboxes, inside the tag selectors menu, that can happen if `selectAll` flag is `true`.
    The problem was the menu was not getting closed if only one option gets selected, and then if we click outside, eg trigger a blur. 
    If we select, more than one, then it was working as expected.

    So, the problem appears to be on the menu component, and if the `selectAll` flag is `true`, we used a custom component called
    `TruncatedValueContainer`, to show a definite number of `Pills` with a `+{ more count}`.

    So, I checked the history of that file, and went back to the previous change, and it was in a good state.
    Now I know which PR broke the experience. But that PR has like 20 + commits, and changed a lot of files. All kinda related.

    So, I was not sure, which commit, was the culprit.

    So, I marked a previous commit befor that PR as good `git commit good ${SHA}`
    Then git offered me a commit in between `good` and `bad`. All I had to do, wait for the compilation to be finished. 
    Sometimes the client restart was necessary, as in between these 2 commits, there were multiple package change incidents.

    When the compilation completed, I checked the experience, if it is in a good state or bad state, depending on which 
    I made `git commit good` / `git commit bad`. And within 10 steps, I got the first commit, which introduced the bug.

    I am pretty sure if i marked the last commit of that PR as bad, and previous of the first commit of that PR as good. It would have been 1-3 steps.

### Challenge Faced
- `mypy` gave me some headache. 
    
    So, there might have some circular dependency I introduced in content repo in my recent PR, I was introducing a service layer to that repo. Currently we have a very fat controller, which directly calls the Repository Layer. 
    Although I was seeing from my vscode that the type of a function, was actually infact a valid
    type, but somehow, the `mypy`, was getting an `Any`

    I had to move the functions, instead of importing.
    Also, I could not figure out, why on master the type checking was passing, in one case, 
    where we declared the type as `Optional[str]`, but the function accepts only `str`.

    And we did something like `set_api_identifier(...details.api_identifier)`, without checking
    if the `...details.api_identifier` is a `None | str`.

### Idea
- While investigating the mypy, I was not sure about how the project is getting a circular dependency.
    
    This gave me the idea of creating a project, where we will analyze the import statement of every file.
    and create a dependency graph, it will be directed graph. and then we can run a cycle finding algorithm, to detect the cycle.

### Highlight of the day
- Went to see off lunch with the team.
